README.md, before:

<img src="resources/icon.png" width="128" height="128"><br />

# Virtual C Language Support

Full language support for Virtual C, VUEngine's C dialect, providing syntax highlighting, bracket matching, folding and Intellisense.

Contains the basic language definitions as well as a language server.

![](screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Features

- Bracket matching
- Code Completion
- Folding
- Go to definition
- Syntax highlighting

## Development

Here's how to run this locally in development mode.

- Make sure to use node 20 or a version of node newer than 22, e.g. with `nvm use 20`.
- Install dependencies with `npm install`.
- Open a terminal and start compiling the client and server in watch mode with `npm run watch`.
- In the Debug view in the sidebar, select `Launch Client` from the drop down (if it is not already) and press ▷ to run the launch config (or simply F5).
- An Extension Development Host instance of VSCode will start with the language server running.

## Package

To package a VSIX file, run

- `npm run package`

## Release

To automatically package and publish, the version number in `package.json` has to be updated and a matching version tag needs to be created and pushed. This will trigger a Github action that will create a new GitHub release.

- `git tag v{VERSION} && git push --tags`

Commit message:

Add static parsed VUEngine Core data

README.md, after:

<img src="resources/icon.png" width="128" height="128"><br />

# Virtual C Language Support

Full language support for Virtual C providing syntax highlighting, bracket matching, folding and IntelliSense. Virtual C is VUEngine's C dialect that adds classes, inheritance and polymorphism to standard C with a similar syntax to that of C++.

Contains the basic language definitions as well as a language server to provide IntelliSense.

![](screenshot.png?raw=true)

## Features

- Bracket matching
- Code completion
- Folding
- Go to definition
- Syntax highlighting

**Note**: this is a work in progress and the data needed for code completion and go to definition support is currently hardcoded for the latest version of VUEngine Core. Dynamic parsing will be added to the language server in a future version.

## Development

Here's how to run this locally in development mode.

- Make sure to use node 20 or a version of node newer than 22, e.g. with `nvm use 20`.
- Install dependencies with `npm install`.
- Open a terminal and start compiling the client and server in watch mode with `npm run watch`.
- In the Debug view in the sidebar, select `Launch Client` from the drop down (if it is not already) and press ▷ to run the launch config (or simply F5).
- An Extension Development Host instance of VSCode will start with the language server running.

## Package

To package a VSIX file, run

- `npm run package`

## Release

To automatically package and publish, the version number in `package.json` has to be updated and a matching version tag needs to be created and pushed. This will trigger a Github action that will create a new GitHub release.

- `git tag v{VERSION} && git push --tags`
